[Gossip Girl]
Gossip Girl here.
Your one and only source
into the scandalous lives
of Manhattan's elite.
[female #1]
'Oh, my God.'
You'll never believe
what's on "Gossip Girl."
[female #2]
Someone saw Serena getting off
the train at Grand Central.
I've waited my entire adolescent
life for a date with this girl.
You'd really go out with
some guy you don't know?
Well, you can't be worse
than the guys I do know.
You're going out with Serena
and I'm going
to kiss on the lips.
Who said this
family wasn't cool?
Why is my daughter going
to one of your concerts..
...with your son?
If you wanna be part
of this world, Jenny
you need to decide if all this..
...is worth it.
Look, if you're ready to leave
you tell us, okay?
No matter what mom says.
I would really like
to get out of here.
I did this.
My mom kinda left us
a couple months ago.
[Dan]
My dad and my sister
don't really see that.
I dated a girl like Serena once.
Your wife would not want
this hanging in my house.
She doesn't do
background checks
on prospective buyers
and neither do I.
Besides, it's been
almost 20 years.
And you still don't know women.
Hey, how about you
ask me out again?
How about you
actually show up?
Okay.
No drama, no disruptions,
I promise.
Promise? Oh, no! That means
it's never gonna happen now.
Ah! Okay, quick.
I take it back. I un-promise.
Friday, 8 o'clock.
[indistinct whispering]
[Gossip Girl]
And who am I?
That's one secret
I'll never tell.
[theme music]
You know you love me.
XOXO.
Gossip Girl.
With Blair's boyfriend
Nate helping
to close up the family
yacht for the season
Blair is free to focus
on the most important event
of the fall,
her annual sleepover.
A tradition since the year 2000
each one more decadent
than the last.
No expense
or reputation is spared.
With everything from trundle
beds to truffles in place
all that's missing
is sleepover star
and Waldorf BFF,
Serena van der Woodsen.
♪ There's a pot a-brewin' ♪♪
[knocking on door]
Hey, dad. I'm headed
to the bank.
You want me to deposit the check
from mom's sale while I'm there?
Did you knock over
a parking meter?
No, this is the entire contents
from my Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtle piggy bank.
How long can a man
have a piggy bank
and still call himself a man?
I-I thought it was time
to break Donatello open.
So tonight's the big night, huh?
It is, and I have it
all planned.
Six pounds of plan, actually.
I know it's been
a while since I took
someone on a date, but, uh
movie ticket prices haven't
risen that much, have they?
Dad, this is
Serena van der Woodsen.
I can't just
take her to a movie.
I want this to be perfect.
Um...check.
'Want me to deposit it?'
You still haven't
told her yet, have you?
Dad, that's mom's first sale.
That painting sold days ago.
It's kind of a huge deal.
I know, which is why
I was thinking
of surprising her myself,
heading upstate to Hudson
bringing her
the check in person.
What? Aren't I supposed to
deliver good news in person?
I think that's bad news.
Good news might just be
fine with a phone call.
So you're sayin'...
I shouldn't go see her?
I'm saying, uh, I don't think
mom is a huge fan of surprises.
You remember her,
uh, 30th birthday
with the clown and his llama?
Yeah, that didn't..
...didn't go over well.
- It tanked.
- Hmm.
I'll call her first,
just to be safe.
Need some change for that?
[bell ringing]
Hey! Just the little sister
I was looking for.
I need answers
and I need them now.
Your brother is
being very mysterious
'about our date tonight.'
Well, he's a very
mysterious guy, apparently.
Look, he won't even
tell me where we're going.
Can you just give me a hint?
Are we going to some secret club
to see the best unsigned
band in Brooklyn?
Or-or a guerilla
art exhibit in Dumbo?
Or, hey, isn't the New York
Film Festival still going on?
You don't leave much
room for surprise, do you?
Well, I don't know
how to dress for surprise.
Not everything goes
with it, you know.
Well, I'd say jeans
and a T-shirt is a safe bet.
The Humphrey men do
casual Friday every day.
[cell phone ringing]
- Oh, it's my brother.
- Oh, I say hi.
Eric, hey.
Jenny says hi.
Well, hi back. Did she
spill about tonight?
No, not a drop.
You all packed?
'Yeah, baggage
is ready to go.'
Hey, speaking of which,
is mom still there?
Yeah, she's talking
to the doctor now.
I can't believe she's
actually letting me
come home for a weekend.
I don't think I even
remember what a weekend is.
[Eric on phone]
'What time's your date? We may
cross paths at the palace.'
Seven. Can't
wait to see you.
Me too. Bye.
Okay, love you,
Eric. Bye.
What was that I heard?
Eric's coming home?
- It's perfect timing.
- How so?
Well, it gives your mother
and brother time to bond
alone tonight while you
get drunk on Schnapps
and moon the NYU dorms
from the limo.
[chuckles]
Blair, what are you
talking about?
S, it's only the most
important night of the fall.
Oh, the sleepover.
I prefer soiree.
Sleepover is so
sophomore year.
Look, you know I can't go
to that. I have that plan.
Serena, when there's
a Waldorf soiree
there's nothing else
in the social calendar.
Blair, the plan is Dan.
Remember, the guy you realized
is actually a human being
and worthy of your
time and attention?
- No offense.
- None taken.
Look, I'm really sorry,
but this date is unbreakable.
Maybe we can swing by
later or something
I'm not a stop
along the way
I'm a destination.
And if you refuse to attend
I'm gonna have
to find a replacement.
Girls, the waiting list.
Okay. Well, uh,
I should get going.
- Bye.
- Good luck tonight.
Thank you.
Little Jenny Humphrey.
'Why didn't I
think of you before?'
You have no plans.
You're coming to the soiree.
Me? Really?
[in unison]
Her? Really?
The thing is, if you come,
you'll have to be up
to a little more
than just sleeping.
I'm up for anything.
My place.
7 o'clock sharp.
Okay. Bye.
Oh, a girl's first sleepover
something she'll never forget.
Let's make sure of it.
Taking bets
on how long she lasts.
Fifty bucks says an hour
and not one minute more.
[girls chuckling]
I don't understand.
He said I was ready.
We talked about it
in our session this morning.
What he said is that
you could come home,
not that you should.
But, mom, I thought--
I don't wanna argue about this.
- I need time to think.
- Please.
Look, I told the doctor
I would take it
under advisement.
You can't just
walk out of here anyway.
There's papers
that have to be signed.
Release forms, insurance--
I can't believe you.
You wanna keep me here forever.
If you still think
I'm keeping you here
that just proves how not
ready you are to come home.
Look, we'll talk
about this tomorrow.
Yeah.
Yeah, you bet we will.
[instrumental music]
[knocking on door]
- Hey.
Hey, uh, am I early or..
- Uh..
- 'Um..'
No. No, I, uh,
I'm just running late.
Come in.
Um...excuse me
while I go
slip into something
less comfortable.
Sure, sure.
[chuckles]
Talk to me while I change?
- I will.
- Okay.
Say, it's a nice place
that you and..
...800 other people
have got here.
Yeah, the, uh,
identical surroundings
do make you crazy
after a little while.
Sometimes I feel like I'm in
a secret government experiment.
Most government experiments
don't have plasma TVs
or...maid services.
Just something I've noticed.
[Lily]
Dan.
Does Serena know you're here?
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, she let me in.
At least, I hope that was her.
She's about, uh
yea tall and very blond?
It makes jokes. Cute.
- Big shopping day?
- I had a lot on my mind.
So, where are you taking
my daughter tonight?
I...I don't know.
I thought maybe
we'd do a walking tour
of New York underground
visit my friends,
the mole people.
They're great, except they
only ever eat leftovers.
I'm sorry. I don't know
why I just said any of that.
I have, I have this thing,
this nervous tic
where I never stop
speaking, like, ever.
'In fact, when I was a little
boy, my mom used to say'
there was never a word I met
that I didn't like.
You know what else I like?
Your daughter.
I-I really like your daughter.
I..
[instrumental music]
Wow.
You're not wearing
that with that, are you?
Uh, mom..
Here, wait.
Mm.
Take this.
Oh, thank you.
Hey, um, where's Eric?
I thought he was
gonna be home by now.
Oh, he was too tired
to come home tonight.
Mom.
Later.
Come on. Let's go.
[instrumental music]
[Lily]
'Home by 1 o'clock.'
Bonus points for 12:45.
[music continues]
Oh, my God, a Vespa.
[shrieks]
I can't believe it!
I love Vespas!
[gasps]
Oh, my gosh.
You don't understand.
I spent one of my
favorite summers
riding all around Italy
on one of these.
'How did you know?'
My mom won't let me
learn to drive
'cause she says that's
what drivers are for.
But really, Dan,
this is amazing.
Really.
Come on.
Where are the helmets?
[male #1]
'Mr. Humphrey.'
- Is he, is he ours?
- Yeah.
[instrumental music]
Okay, great.
Spotted on the steps
of the palace
Cinderella stepping
onto a pumpkin
instead of her carriage.
Lucky for lonely boy,
there's more than one fable
filling our inbox.
[elevator bell dings]
[instrumental music]
[upbeat music]
It's not bad.
I will take that
for you, yes?
[music continues]
[gasps]
Jenny!
'Oh, I'm so glad
you could make it.'
Here's an inside tip, Little J.
The faster you rise,
the harder you fall.
Hope that Hello Kitty
sleeping bag
doubles as a parachute.
Let the games begin.
[instrumental music]
- Uh, how's the braised quail?
- Very good, sir.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
And the, uh, the lay-pin?
Lapin.It's delightful.
- Okay. What is that again?
- Rabbit, sir.
Oh, well, I won't
be having that.
Um, how about chicken?
You can't go wrong
with chicken.
- 'Yes, sir.'
- Thank you.
Miss?
Uh, I'll have
the lobster bisque
and Muscovy duck, please.
- Thank you.
- Merci, mademoiselle.
I can't believe
the waiter forgot me.
I was, I was just
here...the other...day.
[indistinct chattering]
Yeah, I come here
for the crowd.
You wanna play
mistress or second wife?
Because it's harder
than it looks. Believe me.
So is her face.
Uh, will you excuse me? I, uh..
I'm gonna go to the restroom
to freshen up a little.
Yeah, of course, of course.
I think the bathrooms are--
Uh, don't worry.
I'll find them.
[Dan]
'Oh, excuse me, sir, uh'
how much is that duck
she just ordered?
Seventy-eight dollars, sir.
Okay, right. Thank you.
Um, you know what?
Can you just cancel my main dish
and I'll just have
the appetizer as the main.
Of course, sir.
Thank you. Thank you. Merci.
♪ I am incredible
so unforgettable ♪
♪ So no one can
take my place.. ♪
Too Beyonce.
♪ So girl get outta my face ♪
♪ You hate 'cause
I'm a rock star ♪
Too Mary-Kate.
♪ A pretty little
problem uh-huh ♪
Too Hannah Montana.
♪ A rock star ♪
♪ A pretty little
problem uh-huh.. ♪
[clapping]
Wow. Even I'm impressed.
Um, I don't know.
I mean, I don't
really...feel right.
Well, as my mother
always says
"Fashion knows
not of comfort.
All that matters is the face
you show the world."
And your face looks like
it's going to a bat mitzvah.
But before we continue
the renovation..
...martini.
Oh, no, thanks.
I don't like vodka.
Oh, that's nice,
because this is gin..
...as it should be.
♪ So girl get outta my face.. ♪
It's a party, Jenny.
Either swallow that
or swipe your
metro card back home.
It's up to you.
♪ Treat us like
some superstars ♪
♪ And only 'cause
that's what we are ♪
♪ You know we going really far ♪
♪ And y'all ain't
even heard it all.. ♪
Alright, people. Who's ready
for a game of truth or dare?
Oh, I love truth or dare.
Once I had
to eat an entire
bag of marshmallows.
That's nice, Little Humphrey
but, um, that's not how we play.
Well, how do you play?
♪ You hate me
'cause I'm everything ♪
♪ That you ever wanted to be.. ♪
I think I'll go truth.
♪ When you're looking at me
'cause I'm a ♪♪
[switch clicks]
[sighs]
[telephone keys beeping]
[man on phone]
'Hello? Hello?'
What am I, a teenager?
[sighs]
Nine, seven..
[man on phone]
'Hello?'
Yeah, hey, I must
have the wrong number.
'Did you just
call a second ago?'
Sorry about that,
but I, I'm pretty sure
this is the right number.
'Who are you trying to reach?'
Is Alison Humphrey there?
'Hold on a second.
She just got out of the shower.'
'Al! It's for you!'
[instrumental music]
'Who's calling?'
Rufus Humphrey.
Who is this?
'Alexander Bancroft.'
'Uh, just her, just..'
'I'm-I'm a friend.'
[music continues]
So am I, it seems.
[Alison on phone]
'Hi, I'm here, I'm here. Hello?'
[cell phone key beeps]
Thank you.
Are you sure you didn't
want any of my dinner?
Your entreewas so small.
No, no, no. It was amazing.
I didn't realize, uh
fish could be creamed.
Would you like to see
the dessert menu?
Oh, no, thank you.
I think we're fine.
- Sure you don't want dessert?
- Yeah.
Okay, well, then we'll
just get the check, please.
Uh, actually I already
took care of that earlier.
- What?
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I-I just charged it
on my mom's card.
It's-it's not a big deal.
Don't worry about it.
You know, I can pay.
It's not like I
don't have the money.
Yeah, I'm-I'm sure you do.
You just shouldn't
have to spend it here.
I don't understand.
- Did I do something wrong?
- No.
Look, I wanted
a date with you.
Just not the date
you thought I wanted.
It's, it's fine.
[instrumental music]
Alright, alright.
Well, then..
...if it's a real Dan Humphrey
date that you want..
...then it's a real
Dan Humphrey date
that you're gonna get.
- Let's go.
- Really?
'Yes.'
Mademoiselle.
[Gossip Girl]
Spotted fleeing dessert
S and lonely boy
lighter than air
and heading downtown.
It wasn't easy getting
the entire uniform, but..
...done and done.
What's the doorman wearing?
Don't you worry
about that, Little J.
Just drink up.
You're lagging behind.
[cell phone ringing]
[Jenny]
'Oh, my phone.'
"SOS. Still in prison!"
'Is that Eric van der Woodsen?'
I thought he went home
for the weekend.
Guess it didn't happen.
Is, why don't you take
the girls to Visconti?
Meet you there in an hour?
Let's ramp this up,
shall we?
Truth or dare?
Oh, and you already
used your truth.
So...dare?
I dare you to jailbreak Eric.
- Blair.
- 'It's perfect.'
You want in...and he wants out.
What's it gonna be?
Do or die, Little J.
Spotlight on Little J.
Now put to the test
by one queen bee.
Will J take the bait
and go from Brady to Britney.
Or will her goody
two-shoes mind-set
turn into the night's
biggest buzz kill?
Let's do it.
- 'Surprise.'
- Jenny, hey.
What are you doing here?
Your SOS was heard and answered.
Come on, we're breaking you out.
Wait, how..
Wait, what do you mean, "We?"
Okay, I have a problem.
I have a big problem.
It starts with a capital RX.
What drugs have
you been taking?
Mmm, caffeine
nicotine, ketamine
GHB, PCP, LSD.
Di-Dri..
Diazepam, Lorazepam.
All the pams, really.
You know,
I don't discriminate.
Apparently not.
Code yellow, floor six.
Why don't you
wait right here?
I'll get a doctor.
And I'd love a cappuccino.
[upbeat music]
Come on, let's go.
I heard you were bored,
and I figured I owed you one.
- Yeah, try 50.
- Okay, come on.
Get a move on. Come on.
[cell phone ringing]
Hello?
What?
U-uh, how did this happen? Wh..
He was with who?
Young, blond and beautiful.
Yup.
That's his sister.
I'll find them.
Thank you.
[sighs]
[cell phone ringing]
Ah, of course.
[ringing continues]
[Two Hours Traffic singing
"Ringing In My Ears"]
♪ There's a ringing in my
ear from when I called.. ♪
[Dan]
'Ooh! And another one.'
'Sorry, Joe.'
'That's game.'
Uh, that's 75 bucks.
I think that pays
for your duck.
That it does. Thank you.
So what now?
You play me.
- You?
- Yeah.
Unless you're
afraid to lose.
I think the only
thing being lost
in this game would
be your dignity.
- Oh, really?
- Yes.
- You think so?
- I think so.
Well, then rack 'em up.
I'll buy us a soundtrack.
♪ Rubber band
to wrap around.. ♪♪
[chuckles]
[cell phone ringing]
This better not be my wife.
Rufus, do you always
answer the phone like that?
- Lily?
- Listen.
I need your son's
cell phone number.
It's an emergency.
A real emergency
or a Lily emergency?
- Eric is missing.
- Missing?
From where?
From..
...his-his room here..
'...at the hotel.'
I-I'm trying to get
in touch with him
but he's not
answering his phone.
I think he's with Serena.
Did you try her?
She left her phone here.
Your son's cell number.
That's all I need.
They're on a date, Lil.
If they picked Eric
up along the way
'I bet they're having fun.'
- I have a situation here.
- A situation?
Your son is with your
daughter and my kid.
- I trust them. Why don't you?
- Rufus.
Goodbye, Lily.
Always a pleasure.
[Kat DeLuna singing
"Whine Up"]
Hey, baby,
you want to, uh..
...maybe show me
to the bathroom?
Get lost somewhere
around the coat check?
Well, my answer is usually
never say never.
But for you,
I'll make an exception.
[girls laughing]
Ah! Ha ha ha!
Who let the hedge
fund mafia in here?
I thought
matchy-matchy was over.
So Eric's here.
Now it's your turn.
- Truth or dare?
- Do you have to ask?
I dare you to make out
with that guy.
- Easy.
- And mean it.
♪ And I want you
I want you here.. ♪
Watch and learn,
Little Humphrey.
♪ Hold me tight to your body ♪
♪ I wanna feel you
I wanna.. ♪♪
[men cheering]
I hope Amanda
never finds out.
Who's Amanda?
- Just my girlfriend.
- Oh.
Amanda never has
to know, does she?
Well, I'm not tellin' her.
[men laughing]
Look what I got.
I dare you to call
his girlfriend.
Her name's Amanda.
Done and done.
Hello?
Amanda?
Hi. This is Blair..
Claire. Yeah.
I just had my tongue down
your boyfriend's throat
and he neglected to tell me you
existed until after it was over.
Just thought you should know.
He's a real catch.
- Bye.
- Ha ha ha!
Alright, sleepover of the year.
[girls]
Whoo!
Hey, everybody's
gotta start somewhere.
Maybe Little J isn't
so little anymore.
- 'Oh!'
- Oh-ho-ho, no.
Game over.
You lost fair and square.
And that's squared.
Oh. Am I
really that bad?
There aren't enough
words to describe
the kinda bad you are.
Well, you promised if I
lost again, you'd teach me.
Alright. Alright.
That's a promise
I intend to keep
not just for you,
but for dive bars everywhere
all across America.
Whoo!
Alright, come here.
Now you have to remember,
in pool, it's all about..
Take this stick.
Remember, it's
all about the angles
the right angle, of course.
- Mm-hmm.
- Take the shot.
Okay.
Um, bring your
hand back...here.
Right.
And, uh, wait.
Oh, okay. Hold on.
You gotta be slow and just
follow through, alright?
Oh-h-h.
Oh! This is my
song. Finally.
I didn't know you
liked this kinda music.
I think we've already
established the things
you don't know about me.
Oh, uh, other
than your, uh..
...total lack
of pool skills.
What else?
Uh, that I'm having
the best time right now?
That I knew.
[chuckles]
♪ You could have been
a better friend to me.. ♪
[cell phone vibrating]
[clears throat]
There's something
vibrating in your pocket
and I really hope
it's your phone.
Hold on.
[cell phone vibrating]
Oh, it's my dad.
He knows I'm with you.
He wouldn't call
if it wasn't important.
Oh, yeah, of course.
Take it.
Hello?
What? No, no,
no, he's not.
Serena left her
phone at the hotel?
What? What's up?
Oh, uh..
Yeah, yeah, yeah, dad.
She's standing
right here next to me.
We'll take care of it.
Wait, take care of what?
Slight change of plans.
No. No, no.
No change of plans.
I like this plan of you
teaching me the angles.
I know.
Remember,
cute girl with
total lack
of pool skills?
I remember.
So does the table.
Come on,
what could it possibly be
that's more important
than this right here?
- Can't it wait till tomorrow?
- Actually, it can't.
You need to call
your brother right now.
[knocking on door]
- Hey, I was just--
- So I made some calls.
But as it turns out, none
of my people know your people.
Shocking, but true.
Either Dan Humphrey
is an alias
or your son is not very popular.
Regardless, I need that number.
I realized when I got
off the phone with you
that I could've been a little
bit more understanding.
- You think--
- I called Dan.
Thank you.
- And your son's not with them.
- He's not?
But Serena got Eric
on the phone and he's okay
and...Dan said they would phone
when they were all together.
Yeah, and you
didn't think to call
and tell me all of this?
I was just about to.
Now I hate to say this but..
...why don't you
sit and wait here?
We should hear
from them soon.
Fine.
And I'll pass on a glass
of that non premium liquor
that you're drinking.
But I will take
something to eat.
Thank you for offering.
What? You still know
how to cook, don't you?
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Let's go let's go let's go ♪
♪ And everybody
know somebody.. ♪♪
Do you see Jenny
or your brother?
No.
Are you her? Are you Claire?
What? No.
Uh, are you sure we're
in the right place?
Yeah.
Come on.
- Where is she?
- Baby. What?
Who? I'm here
at the club with the guys.
♪ Let's go everybody.. ♪
Hey!
Excuse me. Hello!
- Where's my phone?
- Hey, hey, let go of her.
- Who the hell are you?
- Your phone is at our table.
If you weren't so drunk
and drooling over
every girl in this place,
you would've seen that.
- I'm gonna kill you.
- Oh, you must be Amanda, right?
Well, I would think twice
before marrying him
'cause he's a pig.
Hey, hey. Back off of her, okay?
I don't need you
to defend me.
It wasn't even her
who called you.
- It was me.
- Jenny?
So she's the one
with the tongue?
Tongue? Tongue?
What are you even doing here?
'You're supposed
to be at a sleepover.'
You made out with
a girl from a sleepover?
- You made out with him?
- 'Wait, no.'
I made out with her.
Eww.
- It was a dare.
- A dare?
- What are you, children?
- Yeah, pretty much.
She's 14.
- 14?
Jesus. No, I swear
I had no idea, baby.
I mean, look at her.
I mean, she's jailbait.
- What, what's that?
- Dan, stay out of it, okay?
You're just causing more
problems than you're solving.
Only thing causing a problem
is the cocktail
napkin you're wearing.
That's what
I'm talking about.
You're not
talking about anything.
- Dan!
- Hey!
Alright, all of you out
before I call the cops.
- Alright, alright.
- Hey, Serena.
See? I told you
everything was okay.
- 'Let's go, come on.'
- Eric, come on.
Spotted. Big brother
to the not-quite rescue.
Too bad no one told him
you can't save a damsel
if she loves her distress.
Mmm.
- What's wrong with the sauce?
- Oh, nothing.
I'm just so happy
to have a home-cooked meal.
- It just needs a little salt.
- What? It's perfect.
No, just a, just a pinch.
You haven't changed a bit. You
always have to be in control.
Hmm. Well, I don't
remember you complaining.
Well, I wasn't allowed to.
It was one of your rules.
Yeah, well, I may hold
the reins a little tight
but life is complicated,
especially once you have kids.
You know, when they're little,
you're their whole world.
And then one day,
the wall goes up..
...and you're on one side
and they're on the other.
Well, they don't
like to admit it
but they want us
to break through.
Yeah, well,
maybe Serena.
'But Eric, I don't
know what he wants.'
You're awfully concerned
about a 14-year-old boy
breaking curfew.
Well, it's not my
curfew he's breaking.
He's been staying
at the Ostroff Center.
- Ostroff Center?
- Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Is it drugs? Drinking?
Um, no,
he's not a bad kid.
He's just, just, um..
...a lonely one.
It's depression?
Is it bad?
Bad enough to try
to kill himself.
- I'm sorry.
- No, I don't know why.
I don't know...what I
did or I didn't do, but..
...I just don't know
what to do to..
...to make sure
it doesn't happen again.
All you can do
is be there for them.
[phone ringing]
Ah, I hope that's
Dan or Serena.
Hello?
Hey, great.
Uh, yeah.
Actually, I can tell her.
His mother's here with me.
[chuckles]
It's a long story.
Sounds good. Take care.
So he's with Dan and Serena.
And everyone's fine.
Alright, I should go meet them.
- I'll wrap this up.
- 'No. You know what?'
This isn't gonna travel well.
Why don't I just..
...stay here,
and I can eat it quickly?
It would be a shame
to let it go to waste.
[indistinct chattering]
- What were you thinking?
- 'He was bored.'
He wanted to get out
and have some fun.
So you took him to a bar?
He didn't do anything wrong.
- I thought you'd be happy.
- Well, I'm not, okay?
I-I, I can't believe
that you did this.
Hey, I wasn't kidnapped, Serena.
I left of my own free will.
Blair was trying
to...do me a favor.
- Told you.
- Well, it's no favor, Eric.
- You're in a lot of trouble.
- Yeah, I know.
And you know what,
it was worth it.
To be out after dark,
and to talk to someone
who isn't just you or mom,
even if it is Blair.
- No offense.
- None taken.
Well, I'm sorry
this was the only way.
We'll work on mom, okay?
Thanks.
And since she knows
you're okay
I guess there's no
real reason to rush.
How about we walk?
Ugh, call me.
Yeah, I will.
I was talking to Eric.
[chuckling]
What is wrong with you?
This is not who you are.
And who are you
right now? Dad?
Alright, we are not
doing this right now.
We can do this at home.
Let's go.
Except I'm not going home.
I'm going with my friends.
[Blair]
'Coming, Jenny?'
Yeah! One second!
Look, alright,
I'm sorry that things
got out of hand tonight.
To say the least.
I know who Blair
and those girls are.
But I know who I am.
And I'm not gonna forget that
just 'cause I
hang out with them.
Come on! We're leaving!
I'm comin'!
But just let me go. Please?
I mean, look, I'll be tucked
in bed in a half-hour.
I promise.
[chuckles]
Uh, alright, alright
alright, yeah, go ahead.
Thank you.
- Hey.
I, uh, I gotta take him
back to the center.
So we should probably
just call it a night.
What? No, no, no.
I'll go with you.
No, it's okay.
You don't have to.
I want to.
Come on. Let's go.
This just in.
Truth or dare
has gone into overtime.
Looks like no one told Little J
you don't beat a Waldorf
at her own game.
[Jenny]
You want me to steal
the jacket from the mannequin?
That's right.
Blair, it's your mom's store.
I mean, you could
have anything you want.
So can you.
Unless you don't want to.
Which is totally understandable.
And I wouldn't
judge you for that.
I don't get it.
Then you don't have to do it.
It's just a shame,
'cause you've come so far.
The jacket?
Just the jacket.
[chuckles]
Oh, God.
[laughing]
Five...four..
...three..
...two...one.
'Okay, come on, run.'
[siren wailing]
Guys! Come back!
Let me out!
[siren wailing]
[instrumental music]
[chuckles]
Oh.
Are you still the same guy
you were when I took this photo?
[Rufus]
'What? You took that photo?'
You weren't even
at that show.
Oh, excuse me.
If I remember,
the first song was about me.
The second one was about...
your motorcycle.
And then there was the one about
that surf town. What was it?
Sayulita.
- Sayulita.
- Fishermen's town.
Was that the one
with the villa where we..
Yes, indeed, it was.
God, I must have taken
eight rolls of film that night.
W-why did you give up
photography anyway?
'You loved it so much.'
Well, I guess I figured, um
social climbing
would be more fulfilling.
I even remember the black dress
I wore that night.
- Really?
- Yeah.
You know, I think it may
have actually been blue.
I thought you said you didn't
remember me being there.
[phone ringing]
Uh, can you grab that, Lil?
And if it's my son..
...be nice to him.
Hello, Humphrey residence.
Hi, Alison.
'Yeah, it's, um, Lily.'
Yeah, h-hold on just..
Alison?
[line disconnects]
Looks like you're gonna
have some explaining to do.
Trust me, I don't owe Alison
any explanation right now.
You know what,
I've overstayed my welcome.
[Rufus]
Okay. I hope everything
turns out alright.
Yeah, me too.
Thanks for babysitting me.
And thank you for being
such a good friend.
Yeah.
It was almost fun.
'Goodnight, Rufus.'
[indistinct chattering on radio]
I'm gonna need you
to show me some
form of identification, miss.
I'm only 14. I don't have any.
What are you doing
out at this hour?
- I..
- What's your name?
My name is Blair Waldorf.
This is my mother's shop.
Her name is Eleanor.
I left my jacket here earlier
I mean, which irritates
my mother to no end.
And I completely
forgot about the alarm.
Alright, what's your
home phone number
so we can call her?
Oh, she's not home.
I mean, she's in Paris
until Thursday.
It's six hours ahead
if you want to call.
[sighs]
She's gonna be so angry.
Well, look, we
can't just let you go
without confirming
your story.
I have my own set of keys.
You can watch me lock up.
Well, I can see why your
brother would wanna leave.
That place is, uh,
is very depressing.
And yet, it's designed
to treat depression.
He's a good kid,
Eric. He is.
Yeah. Jenny's not
so bad either.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I-I-I know. I know.
I just worry
about her sometimes.
Well, worry looks cute on you.
[chuckles]
Look, I've seen Jenny in action
and my hunch is
she doesn't let herself
get pushed in anything
she doesn't want to do.
No, I-I know,
I know, it's just..
...she's never
mentioned that her idea
of a great Friday night
consists of painting
her face full of makeup and..
....stumbling out
to a hip bar in high heels
and hanging out with a bunch
of drunk Wall Streeters
who don't even care
if she has a name.
Well, maybe that
wasn't her idea
for a great Friday night.
What do you mean?
It's okay for her
to wanna be friends
with the people she
goes to school with.
Why? I'm not.
Uh-huh.
And if you made half
the effort she did
maybe we would've
met a long time ago.
[chuckles]
That's true.
Then so maybe you
would've kissed me already.
No five-star restaurants.
No town car.
No smoky pool hall
or bad '80s music.
Looks like we finally
found common ground.
["Something Like That"]
♪ It was when the sun just set ♪
♪ Evening breeze
across our face ♪
♪ In September ♪
♪ The end of summer's
in the air ♪
♪ I remember ♪
♪ The first time that we met ♪
♪ When something like that ♪
♪ When something like that.. ♪
- 'Hey, mom.'
- Hi.
Sorry about tonight.
No, we'll talk about it
in the morning.
After you've had a good
night's sleep in your own bed.
I'm going home?
I'm not sure exactly how
this is gonna work, you know.
Hey, I'm not worried.
It's a good thing
I didn't unpack.
♪ In September ♪
♪ The end of summer's
in the air ♪
♪ I remember ♪
♪ The first time that we met ♪
♪ When something like that.. ♪
Catch.
[scoffs]
Jenny?
Well, well..
Looks like you came
to play after all.
You know which
trundle bed is yours.
Sleep tight. You've earned it.
Actually, I'm going home.
But, uh, thanks for inviting me.
'It was a blast.'
What do you mean
you're going home?
Nobody ever leaves a sleepover.
Well, I guess there's
firsts for everything.
Oh, and I'm keeping the jacket..
...if that's okay with you.
Monday?
Lunch on the steps?
[chuckling]
Done and done.
♪ When something like that.. ♪
Word is Jenny Humphrey killed
at Blair Waldorf's sleepover.
It was a debut the likes
of which haven't been seen
since Blair herself.
If Blair's gotta watch her back
Serena's needs to keep
an eye on her heart.
We hear it may have been
stolen by lonely boy.
Putting out an APB.
Gossip Girl.
♪ Nothing else mattered ♪♪
[theme music]
[music continues]